TEST 01							
101. Passengers on the aircraft are asked to							
secure               belongings during takeoff and landing.							
(A) they							
(8) their							
(C) them							
(D) themselves							
105. Any problems with the new software							
system should be reported to the system administrator          _							
(A) prompt							
(8) promptness							
(C) prompts							
(D) promptly							
"READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet."							
102. East Abihay City is run              a mayor and							
six-member council who are elected for four years.							
(A) of							
(B) among							
(C) by							
(D) from							
"103. Due to its need for              repairs, the Paliot 12Z conveyor belt is scheduled to be replaced by a more efficient model."							
(A) frequent							
(8) frequently							
(C) frequency							
(D) frequents							
"104. On July 23, Mr. Saito will be named chairman of the board               president of Tairex Electronics."							
(A) as well as (8) more							
(C) added							
(0) such as							
106. Employees currently working in Ridge							
Manufacturing's branch offices will move into the new headquarters              the building is finished.							
(A) once							
(B) even							
(C) besides							
{D) moreover							
"107. Because of a              increase in profits this quarter, Tyro Sportswear employees will receive their first-ever year-end bonus."							
(A) dramatically							
(B) dramatize							
(C) dramatic							
(D) drama							
108.              about the actual cost of the project have delayed the plans for expanding the arena.							
(A) Additions							
(8) Manners							
(C) Materials							
(D) Concerns							
18							
109. You may return for full credit any							
merchandise with _   you are not satisfied.							
(A) who							
(B) what							
(C) which							
(D) whose							
110. Preparing a budget encourages an							
executive to              several options before deciding on a course of action.							
(A) think							
(B) reply							
(C) inquire							
(0) examine							
111. Arcosa Design Ltd. offers digital and print design               that fit the individual client's requirements.							
(A) to service							
(B) service							
(C) serviced							
(D) services							
112. Consumers are advised to use caution when applying this product               fabrics that have been dyed by hand.							
(A) at							
(B) to							
(C) out							
(D) off							
113. Amonarth Premium paints are highly							
_   to most stains and can be cleaned easily with soap and water .							
(A) resistance							
(B) resisted							
(C) resistant							
(D) resists							
"114. The company-sponsored five-kilometer run will be held on October 15, and all employees            _ to participate."							
(A) to invite							
(B) invite							
(C) inviting							
(D) are invited							
"115. In the decade             it was founded,"							
Liu and Wang Corporation has become a legend in creative advertising.							
(A) since							
(B) almost							
(C) however							
(D) therefore							
116.              demonstrating an impressive work							
"ethic, Ms. Hyun often takes on extra projects in addition to her regular workload."							
(A) Consistently							
(B) Consistency							
(C) Consisted							
(D) Consistent							
117. Visitors should reserve opera tickets well in advance ------ they hope to see a performance while in Westgard City.							
(A) and							
(B) or							
(C) if							
(D) until							
118. No firm can               to rely forever only on the strength of its name to sell products.							
(A) require							
(B) afford							
(C) suppose							
(D) depend							
119. Library patrons who fail to return an item by the due date              a fee.							
(A) charge							
(B) will be charged							
(C) have charged							
(D) are charging							
120. Staff members should work in pairs during the training workshop to help ___ master the procedure for handling customer service inquiries.							
(A) one such							
(B) each other							
(C) yourself							
(0) everything							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 I 19							
121. Greenleaf Press will soon publish a        _							
pocket version of Manuel Santiago's book							
An Insider's Guide to Travel in Argentina.							
(A) gathered							
(B) replaced							
(C) condensed							
(D) acquainted							
122. Because Legolos Company recognizes the							
"importance of protecting customer information, it has made data privacy a high"							
(A) conformity							
(B) liability							
(C) priority							
(D) seniority							
123. The sales invoice contains all the terms and							
conditions               by the buyer and seller.							
(A) agreeing upon							
(B) agreement							
(C) agree							
(D) agreed to							
124. In her latest article in Earthbound Science							
"Journal, ecologist Mei Ling offers a           _ review of Paul Winthrop's research on drought resistance."							
(A) critic							
(B) critical							
(C) criticize							
(D) critically							
"125. Under the direction of James Pak, the orchestra has become one of the most highly               performing arts groups in the region."							
(A) intended							
(B) overcome							
(C) regarded							
(D) impressed							
126. Our e-mail system is              known as Fast							
"Track, even though its official name is Fast Mail Delivery and Tracking system."							
(A) mutually							
(B) relatively							
(C) abruptly							
(D) commonly							
127. The strategic planning committee's							
recommendation was that more emphasis should be put              research and development in the coming year.							
(A) against							
(B) during							
(C) for							
(D) on							
128. Major industries in this district include food							
processing and aircraft         _							
(A) manufacturer							
(B) manufactures							
(C) manufactured							
(D) manufacture							
129. Staff members            for promotion will							
be notified by management within ten days.							
(A) ample							
(B) eligible							
(C) superior							
(D) estimated							
130. Director Kawamura's           _ is that those with expertise in the field should be responsible for the final hiring decision.							
(A) position							
(B) function							
(C) classification							
(D) location							
20							
"131. Evergo's latest hiking shoe, the Rugged"							
"Wear Trekker, is              named for its durability and strength."							
(A) suitably							
(B) suitable							
(C) suitability							
(D) suitableness							
132. Because she felt that the tourism video							
"appeared to have been              made, Ms. Peppin recommended that it be filmed again."							
(A) altogether							
(B) soon							
(C) hastily							
(D) repeatedly							
133. Linella Media Group has indicated that							
136. The effective use of landscaping makes the							
difference between having a real garden and              a collection of plants.							
(A) simple							
(B) simpler							
(C) simplest							
(D) simply							
137. The impressive floral display at the building							
"entrance is              made up of blue flowers, with a few red ones artfully placed throughout."							
(A) enough							
(B) exclusively							
(C) primarily							
(D) everywhere							
138. The new restaurant on Park Avenue has							
growth in its new media revenues last year                            _ much excitement because of the							
helped             a decrease in televis ion							
advertising.							
(A) offset							
(B) outplay							
(C) input							
(D) overact							
134. Since employees often have to meet with							
"clients with no prior notice, Park Interior Design enforces dress code             at all times."							
(A) compliant							
(B) compliance							
(C) compliantly							
(D) complies							
135. The Global Marketing Manager is required							
to travel extensively and so must be							
              to unfamiliar situations.							
(A) opposed							
(B) versati le							
(C) relative							
(D) adaptable							
internationa l reputation of its executive							
chef.							
(A) marketed							
(B) equipped							
(C) generated							
(D) received							
139. By the time Clear Blaze Technology's word							
"processing program goes on the market, software engineers      its remaining flaws."							
(A) will have corrected							
(B) had been correcting							
(C) are correcting							
(D) will correct							
140. The Produce Growers Association has							
distributed a pamphlet to area							
supermarkets that lists fruits and vegetables with the highest               of vitamins .							
(A) attractions							
(B) concentrations							
(C) beneficiaries							
(D) commands							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 I 21							
"PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word or phrase is missing in some of the sentences. Four answer choices are given below each of the sentences . Select the best answer to complete the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet."							
Questions  141-143 refer to the following e-mail.							
"To:           Brent Howard <bhoward@casystems.com> From:      Mio Tanisawa <mt481@allpaper.com> Subject:  Order #5821
Date:      February 2 Mr. Howard:
We have              your fax order for a case of hanging f ile folders. We have in stock the style of
141. (A) canceled
(B) purchased
(C) received
(D) fulfilled
folders you requested, but you did not specify a color on the order form. We currently carry the Pro Stock Hanging File Folder in black, navy blue, light green, and orange.
If you could please get back to me with your               before the end of the day today, I will
142. {A) prefer
(B) preferred
(C) preferential
(D) preference
make sure that your order is processed in time for delivery by the end of the week . Please let me know if you are in need of any other office products at this time. You may respond to this e-mail or call me              at 415-555-0166, ext. 42.
143. (A) directing
(B) directly
(C) direction
(D) directed Warm regards,
Mio Tanisawa
Customer Relations All Paper Industries"							
22							
"Brisbane Independent Daily Herald
PO Box 515
Brisbane Queensland 4000
Dear Ms. Hsu,
We are writing to inform you that your Brisbane Independent Daily Herald subscription rate is about to change from $18.75 per month to $21.00 per month. We regret any financial burden this may place on our subscribers, but               our rising operating costs, we find the change
144. (A) as for
{B) in that
(C) due to
(D) provided that
unavoidable .
The               will go into effect on 1 May.
145. (A) regulation
(B) increase
(C) agenda
(D) termination
The Brisbane Independent Daily Herald greatly appreciates your loyalty, and we remain committed to           timely and accurate news coverage to our readers.
146. (A) offered
{B) offering
(C) being offered
{D) have offered
Feel free to call us at 3403-0122 with any questions or concerns. Sincerely,
William Vane, Manager Circulation Department"							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 I 23							
Questions 147-149 refer to the following e-mail.							
To:           Stephen Miller							
"From:    Matsuyama Elegance Hotel, Guest Relations"							
Subject:  Survey							
Date:       June 18							
Dear Mr. Miller:							
We would like to take this opportunity to thank you for choosing the Matsuyama Elegance							
Hotel for your recent visit. It is our sincere hope that we               able to provide you with an							
147. (A) were							
(B) will be							
(C) are							
(D) are going to be							
experience of the highest quality.							
We invite you to participate in our guest survey about your recent overnight stay at the							
Matsuyama Elegance Hotel. Your feedback is             important to us as it helps ensure we are							
148. {A) popularly							
(8) narrowly							
(C) extremely							
(D) respectably							
meeting our goals of exceptional hospitality and unequalled service.							
"To access the survey, please visit www.matsuyamaelegance.co.jp /survey and enter the"							
following password: CJA3N							
We sincerely thank you for sharing your opinions as we continue to do our best to make each							
visit           _							
149. (A) enjoyable							
(8) enjoying							
(C) enjoy							
(D) enjoys							
"Best regards,"							
Takeshi Hattori							
Guest Relations							
Matsuyama Elegance Hotel							
24							
"Nahan-Messer Launches a New Division
January 11
Nahan-Messer Publishing announced today the launch of a division dedicated to science fiction. The division, Lightspeed Press, will publish twenty original titles this year. It will be led by Clara Bryce, longtime fiction              at Nahan-Messer.
150. (A) editing
(B) editor
(C) edits
(D) editorial
The publisher's roster of science fiction authors has grown large enough in recent years to merit its own division, according to Bryce. ""Increasingly, readers are seeking a sense of wonder, conveyed so well by science fiction,"" said Bryce. ""Lightspeed was created to address this
151. (A) question
(B) award
(C) invitation
(D) demand
All of Nahan-Messer's established science fiction authors have been moved to the new division.
_  , Lightspeed has acquired several first-time novelists. Its first release, A Giant of Industry
152. (A) In addition
(B) For example
(C) On the contrary
(D) On the whole
by Lily Riddle, will be published on March 15."							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 1 25							
"PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles, letters, and advertisements. Each text is followed by several questions. Select the best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet."							
26							
"The Business Initiative Society of Greater San Marino
invites you to our regularly held Social Hour.
This is an open forum for owners of small companies to meet and discuss issues affecting our area .
San Marino Botanical Gardens Every Friday evening
6:30-7:30 P.M.
Light refreshments will be served.
Upcoming speakers
April 1: Alfredo Rojas, San Marino Mayor
April 8: Alexis Lin, San Marino Chamber of Commerce President April 15: Dana O'Leary, owner, Pinewood Grill"							
153. For whom is the invitation intended?							
(A) Government officials							
(8) Expert gardeners							
(C) New residents							
(D) Local businesspeople							
154. How often is the event held?							
(A) Once a day							
(8) Once a week							
(C) Once a month							
(D) Once a year							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 1 27							
Questions 155-156 refer to the following survey.							
"Thank you for shopping at Marlowe's! Please fill out this
quest ionnaire in order to help us better understand customer needs.
1.  How often do you visit Marlowe's?
_ Daily     L Weekly      _ Monthly
2.   How much do you spend on an average visit?
_ Under $20      _ $20-$40         _ $40-$60
_ $60-$80          - $80-$100       L Over $100
3.  What kinds of products did you purchase today? Uniforms for chefs and waiters
_ Cookware (pots, pans)
L Tableware (glasses, plates, cutlery)
_ Professional cleaning supplies
Name (optional)           Sanjiv Patel
Business (optional)       India Palace"							
155. What type of business is Marlowe's?							
(A) A cleaning service							
(B) A sports equipment distributor							
(C) A women's clothing store							
(D) A restaurant supply store							
156. How much does Mr. Patel usually spend at							
Marlowe's?							
(A) Less than $20							
(B) Between $40 and $60							
(C) Between $60 and $80							
(D) More than $100							
28							
"April 16
Dear Ms. Gianetti:
As you may know, our office is moving to a new location at 1837 Plymouth Avenue (across the street from the Bailey supermarket). Construction is finally complete, and we will begin seeing patients there on Monday , May 2 .
The new location offers twice as many parking spaces, more examination rooms, and a larger waiting room than the old office on Eastbridge Road did. In  order to accommodate an increase in the number of patients , our new schedule will offer weekend appointments and longer hours during the workweek; we will now be open 8
A.M . - 6 P.M., Monday - Friday, and 10 A.M. - 3 P.M., on Saturday. We are also welcoming two additions to our staff: Dr. Anne Hui, who has been practicing dentistry for over ten years, and Ellen Howard, our new dental assistant .
For detailed directions to the new location, see the enclosed map. Please note that Exit 9 is the nearest exit if you are driving on the Benson Highway . The nearest light rail station is Grosvenor Street.
Dr. Charles Somerville"							
157. What kind of business is moving?							
(A) A construction firm							
(B) A dentist's practice							
(C) A shipping company							
(0) A supermarket							
158. Where was the business previously located?							
(A) On Plymouth Avenue							
{B) On Grosvenor Street							
(C) On Eastbridge Road							
(0) On Benson Highway							
159. What is suggested about the business?							
(A) It is moving so that it can expand.							
(B) Its new location is more convenient for travel by train.							
{C) It has several employees who are retiring soon.							
(0) It will offer fewer appointments during							
the workweek.							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 I 29							
	"M EM O
To:   All Hourly Employees From:  Marisa Gomez, President Date:  December 15
Re:    Payroll Processing
The accounting department will begin transferring employee information into the new online timekeeping system on or around January 2. The system will be operational beginning on February 1. Starting on that date, all employees must enter their work hours into the online system daily. January 31 is the last date on which the accounting department will accept the old paper timesheets.
Christopher Van Pelt will be leading a tutorial on the new system on January 15. To sign up, please call him at ext. 478."						
160. What are employees being asked to do?							
(A) Order paper using a different method							
(B) Transfer personal belongings to a new location							
(C) Submit employee information online							
(D) Ask the accounting department for a new work schedule							
161. When will the policy change take effect?							
(A) On December 15							
(B) On January 2							
(C) On January 15							
(D) On February 1							
30							
"The Manor at Aldous Street
in one of Barchester's most livable neighborhoods
Parkhurst's newest apartment building offers city life at its most comfortable and convenient. The Manor at Aldous Street has a wide array of shops and fine restaurants just outside its door. And for daily commuters to the city center, public transportat ion is available at the Queens Landing station, just a short walk to the north.
Our apartment units range from one to three bedrooms. Each unit has the following:
a full-sized  kitchen complete with newly installed refrigerator, oven, and dishwashing machine; a dining room separate from the kitchen; and a spacious sitting room with balcony access.
Residents will also have access to complimentary high-speedInternet, shared laundry facilities, and, for an additional monthly fee, the parking garage.
Tour an apartment at The Manor at Aldous Street today. Call Henman Estate Agents at 0430-555-0108  to schedule an appointment.
Visit our Web site at www.henmanestateagents.co m.au/themanorataldousstreet for apartment floor plans, photos of the building, and a map of the Parkhurst neighborhood . Units will be available beginning on April 1."							
162. What is being advertised?							
(A) A residential building							
(B) A city park							
(C) A historic site							
(D) A restaurant							
163. How is the Parkhurst neighborhood described?							
(A) It is in the center of the city.							
(B) It is not accessible by public transportation.							
(C) It offers many dining options.							
(D) It has few newly constructed apartment buildings.							
164. What is suggested about the units at The							
Manor?							
(A) They do not include kitchen appliances.							
(8) The bedrooms have balconies.							
(C) The kitchens include dining areas.							
(D) They are equipped for  Internet access.							
165. What is NOT available on the Henman Web site?							
(A) Photographs of The Manor							
(B) A map of the area							
(C) Information on apartment layouts							
(D) An appointment calendar							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 I 31							
"Waitakere Zoo
January 22
Allan McBride
89 Havilland Avenue Henderson 0610, New Zealand
Dear Mr. McBride:
On behalfof the Friends of the Waitakere Zoo, I thank you for your donation. Your generosity, along with that of other donors, has enabled us to complete construction on the African Savannah enclosure. When it opens in July, the enclosure will provide our antelope, giraffe, and zebra populations an environment that is more similar to their natural habitat than zoo enclosures typically are. Moreover, it will give visitors a better vantage from which to view                    these beautiful creatures.
We are pleased to inform you that your name will be listed with the names of other donors on a commemorative plaque at the entrance to the African Savannah enclosure. As a further token of our appreciation, please accept a full season pass, which will allow you and one guest to enter at no charge. It will arrive this week in a separate letter.
Thank you again for your support. We look forward to your next visit to the zoo. Yours sincerely,
Joseph Ihimaera Associate Director
Friends of the Waitakere Zoo"							
166. What is the purpose of the letter?							
(A) To inquire about the opening of a new zoo attraction							
(B) To express gratitude for a contribution							
(C) To thank a longtime visitor for coming to the zoo							
(D) To solicit donations for a construction							
project							
167. What is stated about the new enclosure?							
(A) It will increase visitors' viewing access.							
(B) It will house only one type of animal.							
(C) It will be the largest at the zoo.							
(D) It will have enhanced security features .							
168. What will Mr. McBride receive?							
(A) A complete list of donor names							
(B) Guided tours of the African Savannah enclosure							
(C) Free admission for the season							
(D) A personal commemorative plaque							
32							
"Passenger Check-in
Air Albion asks that you allow yourself ample time to board your flight. Passenger check-in and security screening are subject to unexpected and sometimes lengthy delays. Please arrive at the airport at least one hour before scheduled departure of flights within the United Kingdom, 90 minutes before departure of flights from the UK to Ireland, and two hours before departure of flights from the  UK to international destinations other than Ireland.
Valid government-issued photo identification, such as a passport, driving license, or national identity card, is required at check-in. The name on the ID must match the name in which the reservation was made.
Your reservation is subject to cancellation and/or additional rescheduling fees if you are not checked in and present at the boarding gate at least 10 minutes before scheduled departure of domestic flights and flights between the UK and Ireland, and at least 25 minutes before scheduled departure of all other international flights.
Domestic flights and flights between the UK and Ireland do not require confirmation. For all other international flights, confirm your reservation at least 24 hours before departure by phoning 0844-555-0-109 or visiting our Web site at www.airalbion.co .uk."							
169. What is suggested about the check-in							
process?							
(A) It is more complicated than it used to be.							
(8) It can vary widely in duration.							
(C) It comes after a security screening.							
(D) It can be expedited for an additional fee.							
170. How far in advance should passengers arrive at the airport if flying to Ireland?							
(A) 25 minutes							
(B) One hour							
(C) 90 minutes							
(D) Two hours							
"171. In paragraph 2, line 2, the word ""match"""							
is closest in meaning to							
(A) correspond to							
(8) be near							
(C) join with							
(D) compete with							
"172. For what destination from the UK, would passengers have to confirm a flight in advance?"							
"(A) Edinburgh, UK"							
"(8) Paris, France"							
"(C) Manchester, UK"							
"(D) Dublin, Ireland"							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 1 33							
"Hochstein to Be Headed by Barrault Bondy Executive
February 10 - Recent movement of executives among the fashion industry's leading companies appears not to be ending anytime soon. Hochstein Shoes, Inc., Swiss-based retailer and manufacturer of men's shoes, announced today that its chief executive officer, Gerard Hullot, will retire, and that Angelica Ferrara, current executive vice­ president of Barrault Bondy, will take his place.
Experts say the succession represents a major upset within the industry, since Barrault Bondy, the Paris-based manufacturer, is one of Hochstein' s leading competitors in the high-end shoe market.
Hullot' s departure comes as little surprise, however. He had publicly indicated his desire to retire in order to write a memoir of his long career in fashion, over thirty years of which were spent at Hochstein . Nevertheless, most experts had expected him to  stay on until af ter November, when the company's winter collection is released.
Ferrara' s move has generated much speculation about who will take her place at Barrault Bondy. Sources there indicate that current design director Marcel Hugo will be named the new executive vice president in a press release later this week."							
34							
173. What is the main topic of the article?							
(A) The retirement of a once successful product line							
(B) A change within the leadership of two companies							
(C) One company's purchase of a competitor							
(0) Recent growth within the fashion industry							
174. How does the article describe Mr. Hullot?							
(A) He has written several books on fashion.							
(B) He personally designed the winter collection.							
(C) He is upset about competition from Barrault Bondy.							
(0) He has spent much of his career at							
Hochstein.							
"175. According to the article, what will probably"							
happen later this week?							
(A) Barrault Bondy will make an official announcement.							
(B) Hochstein will release its winter collection.							
(C) Mr. Hugo will replace Ms. Ferrara's designs with his own.							
(0) Ms. Ferrara will announce new sources							
for shoe materials.							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST Ol 1 35							
Crockett Center for Community Development							
28 Freeney Avenue							
"Austin, TX 73301"							
May 16							
"Dathan Shaw, Urban Outreach Director"							
Integral Harvest							
184 Van Buren Street							
"Denver, CO 80210"							
Dear Mr. Shaw:							
I enjoyed our meeting last week. I know of no other non-profit organization that							
"performs  such a vital service for all-natural  agriculture as yours does, and I am enthusiastic about the prospect of the Crocket Center working with Integral Harvest."							
"As you know, the Crockett Center has recently turned its attention to urban"							
"gardening.  On this front, the main  priorities  are to expand  existing community gardens in Austin and to found new ones in neighborhoods currently lacking them."							
"Therefore, I would  like to proceed"							
with the gardening classes we discussed in our							
"meeting, to be taught on-site by Integral Harvest representatives and attended by"							
"Austin community residents. If you will let me know your representatives' availability for teaching the classes and also the range of topics they will cover, I can prepare a class schedule and generate interest in it among residents. My assistant, Cindy Reed, will call you shortly for this information."							
As for your proposal that Integral Harvest representatives demonstrate organic							
"gardening to elementary school students here in Austin, since our meeting I have spoken with several school administrators. It seems that a number of the schools have gardening clubs, so students and teachers alike should make a receptive audience. Let us discuss this proposal further in our next meeting, which Ms. Reed will schedule."							
"I am sure that, if our two organizations work together, we can do much to promote"							
urban gardening as a rewarding and healthf ul endeavor.							
"Yours sincerely,"							
"Letitia Price, Executive Director"							
Crockett Center for Community Development							
36							
176. What is the purpose of the letter?							
(A) To arrange a joint project between two organizations							
(B) To inquire about future job openings							
(C) To provide a schedule of gardening classes							
(D) To finalize a merger of two organizations							
177. What is stated as one of the Crockett Center's goals?							
{A) To find gardens located outside Austin							
(B) To increase attendance at gardening club meetings							
(C) To establish new community gardens							
(D) To sell produce at neighborhood markets							
178. What subject was most likely discussed when Mr. Shaw and Ms. Price met?							
(A) Integral Harvest's reputation among gardeners							
{B) Attitudes toward all-natural agriculture							
{C) A government proposal to build new schools							
{D) Gardening classes for Austin residents							
179. Why will Ms. Reed contact Mr. Shaw?							
(A) To give him contact information for school administrators							
{B) To postpone a meeting until the following  week							
{C) To determine the availability of							
instructors							
(D) To ask him about a new gardening method							
180. What did Mr. Shaw propose that Integral Harvest do in Austin schools?							
(A) Establish new student-teacher gardening clubs							
(B) Demonstrate organic gardening practices							
(C) Distribute produce grown in local gardens							
{D) Inspect the quality of school lunches							
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE							
TEST 01 J 37							
Questions 181- 185 refer to the following advertisem ent and e-mail.						
"Etson Financial, a leading financial services firm with operations in North America, Europe, and Asia, seeks a senior graphic designer  to join our marketing department, which is based at our Vancouver, Canada, headquarters. A relocation package is available to the right  candidate.
Responsibilities of the position include:
• Conceptualizing/designing promotional materials, such as brochures, presentations, and Web pages, in compliance with marketing specifications and in coordination with Web administrator
•  Leading a 4-member team of junior graphic designers
• Overseeing all aspects of production from concept to final product
•  Maintaining hard copy and electronic files of all work produced
• Acting as final check for accuracy before publication
The ideal candidate must possess the following:
• 5-6 years of design experience with increasing responsibility
• A large, diverse portfolio of design work
• Proficiency with major graphic design software programs
• Proven ability to meet deadlines
Experience managing a design team and familiarity with the financial services industry are preferred but not required.
Send resume, cover letter, and four samples of past work by June 10 to Celia Warner, Human Resources Director, by e-mail: cwarner@etsonfinancial.com."						
"To: May Park, ""mpark@etsonfi n ancial.com""
From: Celia Warner, ""cwamer@etso nfinancial.com"" Date: June 12
Subject: Job applicant"						
"May,
Today I received an application for the senior graphic designer position from a Peter Gladstone. Although he missed the application deadline, I urge you to include him in the pool of job candidates. Mr. Gladstone 's resume indicates that he possesses both the required and the preferred qualifications outlined in the job posting, and the samples of his designs for Maeterlinck Financial are very impressive. Also, he is a Vancouver resident and would not need to relocate. I've attached his application materials to this
e-mail. Let me know what you think. Thank you.
Celia"						
38						
181. What is suggested about Etson Financial?						
(A) It plans to expand its global business.						
(8) Asia is its largest overseas market.						
(C) It does not offer relocation packages.						
(D) It employs a graphic design team .						
182. What does the advertised job involve?						
(A) Creating a marketing strategy						
(8) Maintaining a Web site						
(C) Examining documents in detail						
(D) Distributing marketing materials						
183. What is NOT a necessary qualification for the position?						
(A) A well-developed design portfolio						
(8) A degree in marketing						
(C) Knowledge of graphic design software						
(D) Demonstrated ability to manage time						
184. What is the purpose of the e-mail?						
(A) To encourage Ms. Park to consider a job applicant						
(8) To discuss a possible merger with Maeterlinck Financial						
(C) To schedule an interview with a job candidate						
(D) To suggest changes to the content of a job advertisement						
185. What is indicated about Mr. Gladstone?						
(A) He has managerial experience.						
(B) He applied before the deadline.						
(C) He lives outside the Vancouver area.						
(D) He has not worked in marketing .						
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE						
TEST 01 1 39						
Questions 186-190 refer to the following press release and warranty agreement.						
"Voluntary Recall of Mountain Bike
December 12-In cooperation with  the National Consumer Safety Council,  Zorynth Cycle announces a voluntary recall of the Grand Vista mou ntain bike, batch number 34199. According to the results of factory testing , the rubber used in the tires with which thi s batch was fitted is subject to premature wear. This in turn may cause tires to leak air.
Grand Vista bicycles produced in batch 34199 qualify for free tire replacement , to be performed at the dealer where the purchase was made. The majority of bicycles from batch 34199 were sold at Ellenbroek Sports locations, with a few hu ndred being sold through other dealers. To deterrmne whether a Grand Vista is eligible under this recall, simply look for the batch number imprinted on the underside of the frame near the seat.
Customers should contact the dealer immediately to schedule the replacement. For further information on the recall program, contact the Zorynth Cycle hotline at 1 (800) 555-0181 or visit the company Web site at www.zorynthcycle .com."						
"r!-'2'  ,.a><:o     t,;,t           -  i               .}.                                             d.              .;.                                             .._             ;              4-'     r. '      ..;\;;:""            ;:,"						
I            WARRANTY AGREEMENT                                         i						
"Zorynth Cycle,                                                                                                                          d"						
I 13 Tishomingo Rd.                                                                                                        I						
"Oxford, MS 38655"						
I                                                                  i						
Contract Date: November 23                                EQUIPMENT OWNER                  I						
"II                         JULIAN SIMPSON                              I.,"						
d                                                                     262 Clover Ct.                                  i						
il'l						
"Columbia, FL 34024                      I,"						
I Model                          Serial number                         DEALER                         I						
I Grand Vista               2678238                               Hennessy Bikes and More						
I                           334 Phillip Rd.						
"I                         Columbia, FL 34024                         a"						
I                                            i						
1•.						
"This is to certify that this Zorynth Cycle product carries a warranty on any part that isI,,"						
",,     defective or fails during normal operation or service, for the period of 5 years.   n case"						
"of defect or failure, _t   cost of repair will be borne by Zorynth Cycle. Shipping costs"						
I are the sole respons1b1hty of the owner.						
iL'l.'.:.						
":: b          .'.'.:i.'.!i!         ii!!i""         (.::'fi.!UJ       ·if. E     :r::>               :    ::;',:          .!f: 'f!&lliP.llEiJ:;   «      ..;:;!::-          :'-'i<::'.              :  ·,!')]                                                 ."						
40						
186. What does the press release mainly						
discuss?						
(A) Repair of a defective product						
(B) Redesigned factory tests						
(C) Suspension of factory production						
(D) The history of a product						
"187. In the press release, the word ""wear"" in paragraph1, line 4, is closest in meaning to"						
(A} clothing						
(B) repair (C} damage						
(0) maintenance						
188. What problem was discovered?						
(A) Product packaging failed to include spare parts.						
(B) The warranty agreement contained errors.						
(C) Tires were made of a flawed material.						
(D) Bicycles were marked with the wrong batch number.						
"189. According to the press release, how can"						
customers learn if a bicycle qualifies for the program?						
(A) By testing the tires						
(8) By contacting the bicycle dealer						
(C) By checking the frame						
(D) By consulting the warranty agreement						
190. Where should Mr. Simpson take his Grand Vista?						
(A) To Zorynth Cycle						
(B) To Hennessy Bikes and More						
(C) To Ellenbroek Sports						
(D) To the National Consumer Safety Council						
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE						
TEST 01 I 41						
Questions 191-195 refer to the following article and advertisement.						
"Historic Cinema Reopens
November 10-After years of disuse, the historic Croton Theater in Hollywood will reopen as the new location of the Metropolitan Film Society's repertory cinema.
The Croton is one of the most architecturally significant cinemas in the country, according to society president Molly Harris . Built in 1925, it features a facade designed in the Art Deco style and an interior with ornate carvings and a 10-meter-high ceiling .
Since purchasing the building two years ago, the society has embarked on extensive renovations ""We have restored the building to its former grandeur,"" said Harris. ""But we have also modernized it, from the plumbing all the way to the digital projectors.""
According to Harris, the society is moving because its original site on Vine Street was no longer large enough. ""Our audience sizes have increased in recent years, and the Croton will allow us to screen classics and important new films in the setting they deserve.""
The Society's administrative offices have already moved to the new location, and its cinema schedule resumes on Saturday, December 3, with a selection of films by Jack Dodge, director of such classic westerns as A Calico Wedding Dress and Slow Train to Tucson.
For Harris, the choice of Dodge was crucial for the reopening. ""When he moved to Hollywood as a young man , his first job was as a projectionist at this very cinema. Years later he premiered what is now his best-known film, Dust on the Horizon, here. He even ran the projector for old time's sake. Few people have heard of his connection to the Croton, but I think of it every time I step inside the building."""						
"The Metropolitan Film Society presents
a career-span ni ng retrospective of the master of the classical western
Jack Dodge and the American West    Decem ber 3-10
15 Sunset Blvd . between Fou ntai n Ave. & Melrose Ave. www.metropo l ita nfi lmsociety.org"						
"Fi lm
Broken-down  Wagon"	"Date
Saturday, Dec. 3"	"Show times
3:00, 5:45, 8:30"				
"Fort Washita
A Calico Wedding Dress Smoke and Iron
The Indomitable
Slow Train to Tucson Dust on the Horizon"	"Su nday, Dec. 4 Tuesday, Dec. 6 Wed nesday, Dec. 7 Thu rsday, Dec. 8 Friday, Dec. 9
Saturday, Dec. 10"	"3:00, 5:45, 8:30
7:30, 10:00
7:30, 10:00
7:30, 10:00
7:30, 10:00
3:00, 5:45, 8:30"				
Admission    Adults  $11	Students    $8.50	Childre n   $7      Members   $5				
42						
191. What is indicated about the Croton Theater?						
(A) It was designed by Molly Harris.						
(8) Films have not been shown there for a number of years.						
(C) It is well-known for its association with Jack Dodge.						
(D) The Society held a fund drive to cover renovation costs.						
192. What is suggested about the society's location on Vine Street?						
(A) It is smaller than the Croton Theater.						
(8) It will continue to house the Society's offices.						
(C) It is not designed in the Art Deco style.						
(D) It is not as technologically up-to-date as the Croton.						
"193. In the article, the word ""very"" in paragraph"						
"6, line 2, is closest in meaning to"						
(A) right						
(8) extreme						
(C) exact						
(D) complete						
194. When is it possible to see Jack Dodge's						
most famous work?						
(A) On December 4						
(8) On December 6						
(C) On December 9						
(D) On December 10						
195. What film will be shown only two times?						
(A) The Indomitable						
(8) Fort Washita						
(C) Broken-Down Wagon						
(D) Dust on the Horizon						
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE						
TEST 01 t 43						
Questions 196-200 refer to the following announcement and e-mail.						
44						
"December 4-Terhi Home, the home furnishings manufacturer based in Helsinki, Finland, announced yesterday a multi-year distribution agreement with the South Korean department store chain Munsan.
Terhi Home's products, which include furniture, dishware, and bedding, are sold in department stores throughout Europe and the United States. The agreement with Dae Sun, one of Korea's largest retailers, marks Terhi Home's first venture in Asia.
Mika Jaakkola, Terhi Home President, cited Munsan's reputation for the quality of its inventory as a major reason for the agreement. ""Like Terhi Home, Munsan is associated with beauty and luxury. There is simply no better partner for our brand.""
Munsan Marketing Director, Byung-soon Rhee, is equally pleased with the agreement. ""Terhi products have the innovative style for which Munsan is famous. The brand will delight our established customers and perhaps attract new ones to our stores.""
Terhi Home products will debut in Munsan's flagship store in Seoul in early April and will be sold in the store's seven other locations starting in May."						
"February 12
Mika Jaakkola, President Terhi Home
Kaerlakatu 10
Fl-20101 Helsinki, Finland Dear Ms. Jaakkola,
We are pleased that you will attend the events surrounding the debut of Terhi Home products
in our stores. Since. January, our marketing team has engaged in an intensive campaign on behalf of the Terhi brand and created a great deal of anticipation for it among our customers.
Please keep me updated on the arrangements of your travel to Seoul so that I can arrange for you to meet with Marketing Director Michelle Rhee here. As discussed, we would also like you to be present in the Seoul store on the first day the products are sold. We have scheduled a few brief interviews for you with trade publications at that time.
Yours sincerely,
Gyong-si Park
Associate Marketing Director Munsan Department  Stores"						
196. What does the press release mainly						
discuss?						
(A) Developments in competing companies' product lines						
{B) A business deal between two companies						
(C) A company's financial status						
(D) The expansion of a company's branch office						
197. What is NOT mentioned about Terhi Home?						
{A) It manufactures furniture as well as other products.						
{B) Its products are available for purchase in the United States.						
"(C) Its headquarters are in Helsinki, Finland."						
(D) It is specially redesigning products for the Korean market.						
198. What is Ms. Jaakkola expected to do?						
{A) Meet with a Munsan executive						
(8) Tour several Munsan store locations						
(C) Appear in an advertisement for Terhi Home products						
{D) Consult on Terhi Home product displays						
199. When will Ms. Jaakkola most likely visit						
Seoul?						
(A) In February						
(8) In April						
{C) In May						
(D) In December						
200. What does Mr. Park say about Ms. Rhee's team?						
(A) It has conducted interviews with the press.						
(B) It has held meetings in Helsinki.						
(C) It has incorporated new strategies in its campaign.						
(D) It has promoted Tehri Home's products						
vigorously.						
"Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go"						
"back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work."						
TEST 01 : 45						
